Add files via upload (#4768)
Codecademy/docs: content/numpy/concepts/math-methods/terms/cos/cos.md

  - 'paths/data-science-foundations'
---

In NumPy, the **`.cos()`** function computes the cosine of each element in an array. This trigonometric function is essential for various mathematical computations, especially in physics, engineering, computer graphics, signal processing, and more.

## Syntax

```pseudo
numpy.cos(array, out = None, dtype = None)
```

- `array`: The input array or scalar containing angles in radians for which cosine values are computed.
- `out`: An array or array-like object where the output cosine values are stored. If not provided, a new array is created. It is an optional parameter
- `dtype`: Specifies the data type of the output array. If not provided, the data type is inferred from the input array. It is an optional parameter

## Example

The below example shows the `.cos()` function in use:

```py
import numpy as np

# A single angle in radians
angle = np.pi / 4

# Calculate the cosine of the angle
cos_value = np.cos(angle)

print("Angle (radians):", angle)
print("Cosine value:", cos_value)
```

The above code generates the output as below:

```shell
Angle (radians): 0.7853981633974483
Cosine value: 0.7071067811865476
```

## Codebyte Example

> 

Author: @ishg-153  Perfect great update, I created another pull request with the updated changes and requested to merge.

> ---
> Title: 'NumPy cos'
> Description: 'Returns the cos of the argument.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'NumPy'
>   - 'Trig'
>   - 'Math'
>   - 'Methods'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.cos()'
Description: 'Computes the cosine of each element in an array or a single value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'NumPy'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

Reviewer: The description could be modified as given above, and just add two relatable tags for any PR

> In NumPy, the **cos** function computes the cosine of each element in an array. This trigonometric function is essential for various mathematical computations, especially in physics, engineering, computer graphics, and signal processing, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NumPy, the **`.cos()`** function computes the cosine of each element in an array. This trigonometric function is essential for various mathematical computations, especially in physics, engineering, computer graphics, signal processing, and more.
```

Reviewer: In a PR, whenever you introduce the term that you have written a PR for, make sure it is in **bold**, and if its a term like this one make sure it is in backticks(` `) and bold, like: **`.cos()`**

## Syntax

> The generic syntax for the NumPy math methods is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This line can be removed since we already have a heading for this.

```pseudo

> numpy.cos(argument)

Reviewer: This is not the correct syntax, please re-check this once, the correct syntax is:
`numpy.cos(array, out = None, dtype = None)`

```

- `numpy`: The Python library that provides support for large, multi-dimensional arrays and matrices, along with a large collection of mathematical functions to operate on these arrays.
- `cos`: The trigonometric cosine function provided by NumPy, which computes the cosine of each element in the input array.

> - `argument`: The array of angles (in radians) on which the cos function is applied to compute the cosine values.

Reviewer: Please describe the correct parameters based on the correct syntax, example:
- `array`: describe this parameter
- `out`: describe this parameter
- `where`: describe this parameter

## Example

> The below example shows the `np.cos()` method in use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example shows the `.cos()` function in use:
```

```py
import numpy as np

# A single angle in radians
angle = np.pi / 4

# Calculate the cosine of the angle
cos_value = np.cos(angle)

print("Angle (radians):", angle)
print("Cosine value:", cos_value)
```

> The output of the above code is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code generates the output as below:
```

Reviewer: The sentence earlier was plagiarised.

```shell
Angle (radians): 0.7853981633974483
Cosine value: 0.7071067811865476
```

## Codebyte Example

```py
import numpy as np

# Example array of angles in radians
angles = np.array([0, np.pi / 4, np.pi / 2, np.pi])

# Calculate the cosine of each angle
cos_values = np.cos(angles)

print("Angles (radians):", angles)
print("Cosine values:", cos_values)
```
### All Trigonometric NumPy Functions

- Sine `numpy.sin()`: Computes the sine of each element in the array.
- Cosine `numpy.cos()`: Computes the cosine of each element in the array.
- Tangent `numpy.tan()`: Computes the tangent of each element in the array.
- Inverse Sine `numpy.arcsin()`: Computes the inverse sine of each element in the array.
- Inverse Cosine `numpy.arccos()`: Computes the inverse cosine of each element in the array.

> - Inverse Tangent `numpy.arctan()`: Computes the inverse tangent of each element in the array.

Reviewer: These can be removed since this is only a term entry for the `.cos()` function
